README.md, before:

# API Documentation

This API uses [Puppeteer](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer), a Node.js library for controlling headless Chrome or Chromium, to take screenshots of different web pages.

**At the moment it provides three routes:**

1.  `/chart` - Returns a screenshot of a Kendo chart generated with Puppeteer (not yet).

2.  `/red-square` - Returns a screenshot of a red square generated with Puppeteer.

3.  `/google` - Returns a screenshot of Google homepage (any webpage) captured with Puppeteer.

## Installation
To use this API, you will need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed on your computer.

1.  Clone this repository to your local machine.
2.  Open a terminal window and navigate to the directory where you cloned this repository.
3.  Run the command `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies.
4. Start the server by running `node app.js`. The server will listen on the specified port. You will receive a notification in your terminal shell `"Installed successfully! The server is listening on port 3000"` 

## Usage

To use the API, send a POST request to any of the three routes described above. The response will be a base64 encoded image of the screenshot.

The mockup of the client-side app is below. Cope the HTML code below and create a separate file on your machine. Go life, by pressing "go life" button in VS code or alternatively open: http://127.0.0.1:5500/index.html



### Example HTML

  

```bash

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Chart API Demo</title>
    <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.6.0.min.js"></script>
    <style>
      .my-image,
      .my-container {
        width: 100%;
        background-color: #bebebe;
        padding: 20px;
        box-sizing: border-box;
      }

      .main {
        display: flex;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="main">
      <div id="chart-container" class="my-container"></div>
      <br><br>
      <div id="square-container" class="my-container"></div>
      <br><br>
      <div id="google-container" class="my-container"></div>
    </div>
    <script>
      $(document).ready(function() {
        // Make an Ajax request to the chart API
        $.ajax({
          url: 'http://localhost:3000/google',
          type: 'POST',
          success: function(data) {
            // Create an image element from the binary response
            let img = new Image();
            img.id = "chart-image";
            img.src = 'data:image/png;base64,' + data;
            img.classList.add("my-image");

            // Append the image element to the chart container
            $('#google-container').append(img);
          },
          error: function(xhr, status, error) {
            console.error(error);
            $('#google-container').text('Error generating chart image');
          }
        });

        $.ajax({
          url: 'http://localhost:3000/red-square',
          type: 'POST',
          success: function(data) {
            // Create an image element from the binary response
            let img = new Image();
            img.id = "chart-image";
            img.src = 'data:image/png;base64,' + data;
            img.classList.add("my-image");

            // Append the image element to the chart container
            $('#square-container').append(img);
          },
          error: function(xhr, status, error) {
            console.error(error);
            $('#square-container').text('Error generating chart image');
          }
        });

        $.ajax({
          url: 'http://localhost:3000/chart',
          type: 'POST',
          success: function(data) {
            // Create an image element from the binary response
            let img = new Image();
            img.id = "chart-image";
            img.src = 'data:image/png;base64,' + data;
            img.classList.add("my-image");

            // Append the image element to the chart container
            $('#chart-container').append(img);
          },
          error: function(xhr, status, error) {
            console.error(error);
            $('#chart-container').text('Error generating chart image');
          }
        });
      });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>

Commit message:

Readme instructions added and browser look screenshot

README.md, after:

# API Documentation

This API uses [Puppeteer](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer), a Node.js library for controlling headless Chrome or Chromium, to take screenshots of different web pages.

**At the moment it provides three routes:**

1.  `/chart` - Returns a screenshot of a Kendo chart generated with Puppeteer (not yet).

2.  `/red-square` - Returns a screenshot of a red square generated with Puppeteer.

3.  `/google` - Returns a screenshot of Google homepage (any webpage) captured with Puppeteer.

## Installation
To use this API, you will need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed on your computer.

1.  Clone this repository to your local machine.
2.  Open a terminal window and navigate to the directory where you cloned this repository.
3.  Run the command `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies.
4. Start the server by running `node app.js`. The server will listen on the specified port. You will receive a notification in your terminal shell `"Installed successfully! The server is listening on port 3000"` 

## Usage

To use the API, send a POST request to any of the three routes described above. The response will be a base64 encoded image of the screenshot.

The mockup of the client-side app is below. 

### Example HTML

Instruction how to use this code:
1.  Save the HTML code as a file with the ".html" extension.
2.  Make sure the API server is running on your local machine at port 3000.
3.  Go life, by pressing "Go life" button in VS code or alternatively, open the HTML file in a web browser. Or open: http://127.0.0.1:5500/index.html (make sure it is running on a different port than API, which is 3000)
4.  The web page should display three containers, each with a unique ID: "chart-container", "square-container", and "google-container". Screenshot of what you should be able to see:

5.  The JavaScript code in the HTML file will use jQuery to make three Ajax requests to the API, one for each container.
6.  Each Ajax request will use the POST method to send a request to the API server and receive a binary image response.
7.  The binary response will be converted to a base64-encoded string and used to create an image element.
8.  The image element will be appended to the corresponding container on the web page.
9.  If the API server is working correctly, the web page should display three images generated by the API in the three containers. If there is an error, the text "Error generating chart image" will be displayed in the corresponding container.

Note that in the JavaScript code, the URLs for the Ajax requests are hardcoded to "[http://localhost:3000/chart](http://localhost:3000/chart)", "[http://localhost:3000/red-square](http://localhost:3000/red-square)", and "[http://localhost:3000/google](http://localhost:3000/google)". 
  

```bash

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Chart API Demo</title>
    <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.6.0.min.js"></script>
    <style>
      .my-image,
      .my-container {
        width: 100%;
        background-color: #bebebe;
        padding: 20px;
        box-sizing: border-box;
      }

      .main {
        display: flex;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="main">
      <div id="chart-container" class="my-container"></div>
      <br><br>
      <div id="square-container" class="my-container"></div>
      <br><br>
      <div id="google-container" class="my-container"></div>
    </div>
    <script>
      $(document).ready(function() {
        // Make an Ajax request to the chart API
        $.ajax({
          url: 'http://localhost:3000/google',
          type: 'POST',
          success: function(data) {
            // Create an image element from the binary response
            let img = new Image();
            img.id = "chart-image";
            img.src = 'data:image/png;base64,' + data;
            img.classList.add("my-image");

            // Append the image element to the chart container
            $('#google-container').append(img);
          },
          error: function(xhr, status, error) {
            console.error(error);
            $('#google-container').text('Error generating chart image');
          }
        });

        $.ajax({
          url: 'http://localhost:3000/red-square',
          type: 'POST',
          success: function(data) {
            // Create an image element from the binary response
            let img = new Image();
            img.id = "chart-image";
            img.src = 'data:image/png;base64,' + data;
            img.classList.add("my-image");

            // Append the image element to the chart container
            $('#square-container').append(img);
          },
          error: function(xhr, status, error) {
            console.error(error);
            $('#square-container').text('Error generating chart image');
          }
        });

        $.ajax({
          url: 'http://localhost:3000/chart',
          type: 'POST',
          success: function(data) {
            // Create an image element from the binary response
            let img = new Image();
            img.id = "chart-image";
            img.src = 'data:image/png;base64,' + data;
            img.classList.add("my-image");

            // Append the image element to the chart container
            $('#chart-container').append(img);
          },
          error: function(xhr, status, error) {
            console.error(error);
            $('#chart-container').text('Error generating chart image');
          }
        });
      });
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
```
